John was who's lonely and he was
depressed he wasn't a monster by
any me you know he was a normal
young man who started getting
sick and doesn't get the right
help and time wasn't medicate it
mental helpful was different
back then they didn't understand
it as much as we do now we still
don't understand it to the point
where we would want to you
suffered primarily from
schizotypal disorder schizotypal
personality disorder can be
anything from void of emotion or
too much emotions so then it's
just kind of day-to-day you know
he suffered from depression and
borderline personality disorders
during that time of struggle he
taxi driver came out and I think
he saw the movie something 17 to
30 times and you know he had
obsessions he had mental illness
so he he began to really relate
with the Travis Bickle character
and he was obsessed with the
beatles and Bowie and in poetry
I mean he was a hopeless
romantic so I think when he saw
that Jodi was going to yell can
only he saw her as a real person
that maybe one day he would meet
and then maybe she would fall
for him and then it just kind of
spirals from there you know the
the odds aren't as big as before
you know she's going to college
she's she's normal there's a
chance that if I run into her
she could fall in love with me
and then it becomes it goes from
there too
I I think she already is in love
with you know so that's when the
reality and fantasy start to
travel